Basic Concepts of Web Front End

    Definition: The front end is the visual part of a website or application that users interact with.
        Technologies:
            HTML: Structure of the web page.
            CSS: Styling and layout.
            JavaScript: Behavior and interactivity.
        Tools:
            Frameworks: Angular, React, Vue.js.
            Libraries: Bootstrap, Tailwind CSS.
    Key Features:
        Responsiveness: Ensuring compatibility across devices.
        Performance: Optimizing loading speed and interactions.
        Accessibility: Catering to users with disabilities.

What is Angular and its Positives?

    Definition: Angular is a TypeScript-based front-end framework developed by Google for building dynamic, scalable, and maintainable web applications.
    Positives:
        Two-Way Data Binding: Synchronizes data between the model and the view.
        Component-Based Architecture: Encourages reusable UI components.
        Dependency Injection: Simplifies component and service interaction.
        Powerful CLI: Speeds up development with boilerplate generation and automation.
        Cross-Platform Development: Supports web, mobile, and desktop apps.
        Large Community and Documentation: Extensive support and resources.

Component and OOPS Concepts in Angular

    Component:
        The basic building block of Angular applications.
        Comprises:
            HTML for the template.
            CSS for styles.
            TypeScript for logic.
        Example:

        @Component({
          selector: 'app-example',
          templateUrl: './example.component.html',
          styleUrls: ['./example.component.css']
        })
        export class ExampleComponent {}

    OOPS Concepts in Angular:
        Classes: Angular components and services are built using classes.
        Inheritance: Base classes for reusable logic.
        Encapsulation: Private and public modifiers for data hiding.
        Polymorphism: Flexible component and service behavior.
        Abstraction: Abstract classes and interfaces to define blueprints.

Master-Slave Component in Angular

    Definition: A pattern where a master (parent) component controls or passes data to slave (child) components.
    Data Flow:
        Input Decorators: Pass data from parent to child.
        Output Decorators: Emit events from child to parent.
    Example:
        Master (Parent) Component:

<app-child [data]="parentData" (notify)="onNotify($event)"></app-child>

Child Component:

        @Input() data: string;
        @Output() notify = new EventEmitter<string>();
        this.notify.emit('Child to Parent Message');

Angular Versions (V1 to Latest)

    AngularJS (V1):
        JavaScript-based.
        Two-way data binding.
        DOM-based templating.
        Limitations: Performance and maintainability issues in large apps.
    Angular (V2 and Beyond):
        Rewritten in TypeScript.
        Component-based architecture.
        Improved performance and tooling.
    Key Updates in Angular Versions:
        Angular 4: Reduced package size, animations module.
        Angular 5: Progressive web apps support.
        Angular 6: CLI workspaces, tree-shakable providers.
        Angular 7: Drag-and-drop module, virtual scrolling.
        Angular 8: Differential loading, Ivy preview.
        Angular 9: Ivy renderer default.
        Angular 10: Optional strict mode.
        Angular 11–16: Continuous optimizations, new debugging tools, standalone components.